README.md, before:

# S.-Pombe-MLPs
This repository contains all the code to produce the findings in my Master's thesis and the subsequent research article.

The structure of the repository is as follows:

### Bence folder
Contains all the code to reproduce the analysis and plots found in the thesis. All code written by Bence Kover, with early input from co-author Celeste Cohen.

### yeastmlptrial
Contains code under development for https://github.com/BKover99/yeastmlp , also found on https://pypi.org/project/yeastmlp/ . This software package allows fast quantification of MLP formation, including the analysis of the adhesion and flocculation assays from our work. Install the package using *pip install yeastmlp* . For example code and analysis see the work in this repo, and also the tutorial Colab notebooks on https://github.com/BKover99/yeastmlp .

### Internal data
Contains all of our collected experimental data.

### External data
Data used in the thesis from other publications.

### Supplementary data
Excel spreadsheet with multiple pages to include all the processed data which might be of interest for other researchers. (Those interested in the raw data can still find everything in the other folders!)


### Goals

- [x] Finishing Master's thesis, and releasing the repo - May 5, 2023
- [x] Releasing the MLP quantification code as a standalone package (See https://github.com/BKover99/yeastmlp) - Jun 15, 2023
- [x] Finishing all experimental work and uploading all experimental data - Aug 29, 2023
- [x] Tidying up all analysis 
- [x] Submitting our sequencing data https://www.ebi.ac.uk/ena/browser/view/PRJEB69522
- [x] Posting pre-print https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2023.12.15.571870v2
- [ ] Publication of peer-reviewed research article (Currently under peer-review at Review Commons

Commit message:

Revise README with new sections and clarifications
Updated README to include new sections for Ben folder and revisions_data, and clarified existing content.

README.md, after:

# S.-Pombe-MLPs
This repository contains all the code to produce the findings in my Master's thesis and the subsequent research article.

The structure of the repository is as follows:

### Bence folder
Contains all the code to reproduce the analysis and plots found in the thesis. All code written by Bence Kover, with early input from co-author Celeste Cohen.

### Ben folder
Contains some code for analysis of data produced during the revision process. These include growth curve analysis and cropping microscopy images.

### Internal data
Contains all of our collected experimental data for the initial submission and pre-print.

### revisions_data
Contains the collected experimental data during the revision process.

### External data
Data used in the thesis from other publications.

### Supplementary data
Excel spreadsheet with multiple pages to include all the processed data which might be of interest for other researchers. (Those interested in the raw data can still find everything in the other folders!)


### Goals

- [x] Finishing Master's thesis, and releasing the repo - May 5, 2023
- [x] Releasing the MLP quantification code as a standalone package (See https://github.com/BKover99/yeastmlp) - Jun 15, 2023
- [x] Finishing all experimental work and uploading all experimental data - Aug 29, 2023
- [x] Tidying up all analysis 
- [x] Submitting our sequencing data https://www.ebi.ac.uk/ena/browser/view/PRJEB69522
- [x] Posting pre-print https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2023.12.15.571870v2
- [x] Publication of peer-reviewed research article (Currently under peer-review at Review Commons
- [x] Revisions completed and resubmitted.
- [ ] Final publication at XXXX
